# Hello!

Azza Borovicka-Swanson and Elana Lane 

Final Project: Programing Basics 
## What 'Sustainable Fashion Brands' is All About

The term "fast fashion" describes a highly profitable yet exploitative business model based on replicating highly popular designs and then mass-producing them at low upfront monetary cost. Oftentimes, this entails exploiting workers in inhumane conditions. To keep up with these trends fashion brands and those who wear the pieces create an immense about of trash and Co2 emissions to keep up with the need for clothing. 

We created this website to help users exlpore sustainable brands that are better for our Earth and to promote these brands' consideration of their respective carbon footprints. 

## How to Interact with the Website
The user is able to seamlessly scroll though the website and search through ten different sustainable brands we've selected. If the user wants to just look for a spefic type of clothing, all they need to do is go into the seach bar and look up what they are looking for. 

Example: Jeans, recycled, shirts, sleepwear, or any brand of choice. Our search function is case and space sensitive, so we recommend not using any spaces in between multi-word searches like "inclusive sizing" (instead, search for: "inclusivesizing" or "inclusiveSizing"). For ease of searching, we also recommend users stick to using all lowercase letters in their searches

If the user would like to visit the website of a design they like, all they have to do is click on the the name of the brand and poof! They're redirected to the site in another tab. 

## What We Included in the Website

Our site includes a lot of fun elements, including a landing page with an interactive animation, a search function that filters the content on our page, and links to the websites of the brands featured on our page.

To organize all the information on our page, we painstakingly created a [CSV file](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1cph88sosNbK8n9LJtkI-JKLqAcwKxb-7LtAQzBJC5Jk/edit?usp=sharing) that included the image filename, link to the image as generated by Glitch, company where the image came from, the link to that company, "tags" that users can use to search for the images, and short blurbs that relate to each individual image. We then processed the CSV as a JSON file in JavaScript. We then extracted the data and applied it wherever it was needed to create the site!